# Computer SCience #

purpose - algorithm and solving the problem efficiently

computer science ? solving the problem 
input ->function -> ouput
Binary, two digit 0 ,1 
000 -> 0
001 -> 1
010 -> 2
011 -> 3
100 -> 4
101 -> 5
110 -> 6
111 -> 7
then 8?
A, B,C?
letter? agreement -> global standard
A -> 65 -> 2 ^ x 01000001 -> 8 bit 1 byte
B -> 66
on and off

H -> 72 I -> 73 
Hi. -> 72 73 33  8 * 3 = 24bits, 3bytes
11111111 -> 255
Exclamation point-> Ascii code 

123 = 100 X 1 + 10 X 2 +10 X 3 10 digit

Emoji?
Unicode for many more numbers and many more languages , emoji 
16bits 
ABCDEF
Picture?. 
color (RGB)
amount : 0 - 255 , mix three colors , get any color
8bits -> red, blue, green -> 24bits
video?
sequence full bunch of images -> time -> video
Music?
sound -> pattern

Algorithm -> for solving some problem
function -> algrithm ß
AND, OR, NOT

1. find the phone number in phone number book.
- step by step finding the number for ZHarvard from scratch 
time is much
effort is much
so it is not efficient
2. then what is method to find number quickly?
Throw the half of page , we find it in remained page
then throw another page, divide the page, finally I get one page.

Puseudo code

1. pick up phone book
2. open to middle of phone book
3. look at page
4. If person is on page
5.        call person
 6. Else if person is earlier in book
        open to middle of left half of book
        Go back to line 3
    Else if person is later in book
         open to middle of right half of book
         Go back to line 3
    Else
         Quit
Function -> logic 
Question ( condition)

Character movement
 up down left right 
 Y  Y      x    x

 Motion
 looks
 sounds
 events
 control
 sensing
 operators
 variables

input -> function -> output
Hello world -> Say function -> image(helloworld)

## Trash Game ##

- Start
go to x,y position
forever 
   listen for keyboard
   feel for wall 
- End

define keyboard function
   if key is up (pressed?) then
     change y by 1
   if key is down (pressed?) then
      change y by -1
   if key is right (pressed?) then
       change x by 1
   if key is left (pressed?) then
       change x by -1
define wall function
    if touching right wall
      change x by -1
     if touching left wall
       change x by 1


## C 500 2 ##
1. correctness
how good is that code?
2. design
how well is that designed?
3. style
